# About the authors


[Arnab Bose](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arnab-bose-phd-6369531/) is Chief Scientific Officer at Abzooba, a data analytics company and Clinical Associate Professor at the University of Chicago teaching Advanced Linear Algebra, Machine Learning, Time Series Forecasting, MLOps and Health Analytics. He is a twenty-year industry veteran focused on machine learning and deep learning models for unstructured and structured data. Arnab has extensive industry experience in using data to influence behavioral outcomes in healthcare, retail, finance, and automated vehicle control.

Arnab is an avid writer and has published numerous papers for conferences and academic journals, as well as book chapters. He enjoys public speaking and has given talks on data analytics at universities and industry conferences in the US, Australia, and India. He serves on the board of the financial engineering graduate program at University of Southern California. Arnab holds MS and PhD degrees in electrical engineering from University of Southern California and a BS in electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology at Kharagpur, India. Arnab enjoys music, sports and runs in half-marathons.


[Sebastien Donadio](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sebastien-donadio-01481920/)   has nearly two decades of experience in the fields of high-performance computing, software design and development, and financial computing. Currently an architect in Bloomberg Office of the CTO, he has a wide variety of professional experience, including serving as CTO of a FX/Crypto trading shop, head of software engineering at HC Technologies, quantitative trading strategy software developer at Sun Trading, partner at high-frequency trading hedge fund AienTech, and a technological leader in creating operating systems for the Department of Defense. He also has research experience with Bull, and as an IT Credit Risk Manager with Société Générale in France. Sebastien has taught various computer science and financial engineering courses over the past fifteen years at a variety of academic institutions, including the University of Versailles, Columbia University’s Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science, University of Chicago and NYU Tandon School of Engineering. Courses taught include: Computer Architecture, Parallel Architecture, Operating Systems, Machine Learning, Advanced Programming, Real-time Smart Systems, Computing for Finance in Python, and Advanced Computing for Finance. Sebastien holds a Ph.D. in High Performance Computing Optimization, an MBA in Finance and Management, and an MSc in Analytics from the University of Chicago. His main passion is technology, but he is also a scuba diving instructor and an experienced rock-climber.


